gh-74028: `concurrent.futures.Executor.map`: introduce `buffersize` param for lazier behavior (#125663)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-10-18-10-27-54.gh-issue-74028.4d4vVD.rst

> Add a ``buffersize`` parameter to :meth:`concurrent.futures.Executor.map`.

Reviewer: This would rquire a What's New entry as well (in the 3.14.rst file)

> Add an optional ``buffersize`` parameter to :meth:`concurrent.futures.Executor.map`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the optional ``buffersize`` parameter to :meth:`concurrent.futures.Executor.map`
to specify the number of results that can be buffered before being yielded.
```
